README.md, before:

# 🚀 Logiquel – Modern Web & Mobile Solutions for Growing Businesses

<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/136254221?v=4" alt="Anshuman Rana" width="150" height="150" style="border-radius: 50%;"/>

Logiquel is a SaaS-based **web and mobile solutions** platform co-founded by [Anshuman Rana](https://github.com/AnshumanRana), built to help individuals and businesses grow their online presence, streamline operations, and ship production-ready web apps faster. **We also provide app development for Android as well as iOS apps** – from native Kotlin/Android apps with seamless UI/UX to cross-platform iOS solutions using Swift or Kotlin Multiplatform for shared codebases and faster delivery.  
This repository contains the source code for the Logiquel web application, including backend services, frontend UI, and integrations with modern tooling.

From scalable REST APIs in **Spring Boot** and **Node.js** to clean, responsive interfaces in **React** and **Next.js**, Logiquel focuses on reliability, performance, and developer experience.

***

## 🧠 What This Project Does

- 🌐 Provides ready-to-use **web solutions** (sites, dashboards, internal tools) for small and growing businesses.  
- 📱 Delivers **native and cross-platform mobile apps** for Android (Kotlin/Java) and iOS (Swift/KMP) with push notifications, offline support, and API integrations.
- ⚙️ Offers a **SaaS-style architecture** with authentication, authorization, and multi-tenant-friendly patterns.  
- 📊 Includes reusable components for analytics, forms, and user management.
- 🚀 Designed to be easily extendable for custom features per client/project.

***

## 🧰 Tech Stack

### 🚀 Backend





### 💻 Frontend





### 📱 Mobile Apps





### 🗃️ Database & Auth





### 🧩 Tools & Platforms




***

Would you like me to add more details to the mobile section (like specific features or examples), adjust the badges, or tweak the wording for a different emphasis?

Commit message:

Revise README for personal branding and service clarity
Updated README to reflect personal branding and clarify offerings.

README.md, after:


# 🚀 Logiquel – My Web & Mobile Solutions for Growing Businesses

<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/136254221?v=4" alt="Anshuman Rana" width="150" height="150" style="border-radius: 50%;"/>

**Hi, I'm Anshuman Rana** – founder of Logiquel, a SaaS-based platform I built to help individuals and businesses grow their online presence, streamline operations, and ship production-ready web & mobile apps faster. **I also provide app development for Android (using Kotlin/Java) as well as iOS apps** – creating native experiences with smooth UI/UX, push notifications, offline capabilities, and seamless API integrations, or cross-platform solutions with Kotlin Multiplatform for faster delivery across both platforms.

This repository contains the source code for Logiquel – my full-stack web application with backend services, frontend UI, and modern tooling integrations.

From scalable REST APIs in **Spring Boot** and **Node.js** to clean, responsive interfaces in **React** and **Next.js**, I focus on reliability, performance, and exceptional developer experience.

***

## 🧠 What Logiquel Does

- 🌐 Ready-to-use **web solutions** (sites, dashboards, internal tools) for small businesses.
- 📱 **Native & cross-platform mobile apps** for Android (Kotlin) and iOS (Swift/KMP) with real-world features like payments and analytics.
- ⚙️ **SaaS architecture** with authentication, multi-tenancy, and scalable patterns.
- 📊 Reusable components for forms, analytics, and user management.
- 🚀 Easily extendable for your custom projects.

***

## 🧰 My Tech Stack

### 🚀 Backend





### 💻 Frontend





### 📱 Mobile Development





### 🗃️ Database & Auth





### 🛠️ Tools I Use


***

Would you like to add your contact info, link to specific projects, or adjust any section to better reflect your personal brand?
